greetings to all and well received today
we will have a mat with us from the trost
Extra large format and a mouse really
very special well what special
we will see it after the initials for many of
you who follow us from home
the trust mark is linked to a series
of low-priced products that yes
now find in all stores and stores
supermarkets in italy but this time
the company seems to have pressed
on the accelerator to try to provide
a series of products this time of
gaming quality so definitely a bit
higher and we don't even have any
reason to believe otherwise
especially given that trust is a big one
company that available large
resources
the trust gxt 166 occurs in one
classic cardboard packaging from
very accurate aesthetics
the most interesting aspects on which
let's go further we are beyond
obviously to the programmable keys
laterally we have already anticipated
first is that we're going to see better in
course of the video are the presence of a
laser type sensor and the presence of
a weight regulation system from
alive gxt 166 is a mouse of size
rather contained by a lot of ergonomics
palm this obviously to allow
quick use of the side buttons
made available the used material
is the classic plastic with a
soft touch coating is on the side
right than on the left side while there
a normal painting almost
metallic on the back of the mouse
as we have said the keys put at
available are 18
many of them on the back side 2
one mouse on the left side and three
classic cable and very high quality
with a corded finish it is a terminal
gold plated is a core of wounds
for the reduction of the disturbances and the
here we have the packaging with ours
drum of countries that we will go to
resume more forward when
we will explain the regulation system
of weight
then we move to the lower area
del 166 where we find the pensar fair la
whose configuration is rather standard
it is rather good quality we find the
sensor slightly off axis on
left is in position a little more
advanced is the drum cover on
which we will house the weights we have seen
before
so let's set aside a little
packs and let's see more from
near the regulation system of the
weight first we go to extract
from our packaging the number of
countries that we are interested in installing on
our mouse nor we will pull 2 ​​right
for a demonstration to access the
compartment that houses the weight drum will be
enough to apply a reinforcing law
rotating to remove the cover
in this way after that we take i
weights and one at a time we insert them into the
slots available this way
to reinsert the cover will be
just apply a rotation in the
the opposite direction came then the
moment of the gxt 207 the formed mat
Oversized
more precisely of dimensions 395 per
315 that trust advised us in
pairing with his mmo mouse yes
at first sight it would be a classic
fabric mat but that really
it hides a very solution
Interesting
going to see more closely in fact
we find out that the edges have been
reinforced to prevent it
fraying that one of the first causes
of the first tura
playing a gaming mat beyond
to this solution very much indeed
interesting very appreciated
there are two classic aspects
important of a fabric mat
or a high-friction surface
which allows high precision is one
non-slip base that allows you to hold
the mat still firm on his
desk and this is about i
our two new trust products that
we hope they turn out to be so quality
how interesting they were
so don't forget to follow the
our review where obviously and how
our habit we will descend even more
in particular the detail in play and
of the real behavior of this
therefore, there is nothing left of it
thank trust and send you back to
next appointment where we will talk about
integrated liquid kits